i've been playing for eight years twenty
thousand hours extremely unhealthy
relationship with the game
i just went into streaming because i was
just i was coping with a burnout from
working too much irl in my previous
career
because yes i know what it is to have a
boss i know what it is to work hard i
know what it is to be useful to society
according to some of you guys
and so i was i was yeah i was pushing
myself too hard in my previous job
working 70 80 hours a week
um and i had money saved and i was like
okay you know what i
i need to fix my issues because i had a
lot of unresolved like childhood trauma
and i was in the middle of like a
therapy i'm not going to expend too much
on it but
i mentally boomed and the only thing
that brought me comfort at this point
was like shutting down my
my real life and my social group because
they had the tendency to party a lot
it was in the music industry most people
most of them are musicians
so lots of alcohol lots of drugs lots of
temptations of various sorts
and i felt like i needed a full mental
reset i was 27 years old
and i did it so i isolated myself and
the only thing that kind of gave me this
fix was peri
you know it was for me a way to
numb my brain from this this life that
was too hard for me for
things that were too hard for me to deal
with some people pick it up they put it
down they don't give a darn they're done
you know but for people who like really
like to solve problems
man it's not like this i'm always trying
to get better i'm super competitive
and so for me it's like i'm always
trying to get
to be the best that i can only to get
what what at the end of the video game
do you get
what do you really get nothing nothing
the company got rich they got your time
they got your best creativity they got
everything but what did you get yeah
like i just don't
like it literally it would just like eat
me up and like tear me apart to like
watch other girls like touch my
boyfriend watch my boyfriend touch girls
like it just like
i didn't like it and like i feel like
maybe because i have like an only fans
like
i don't know like i said like my social
media isn't like you know super clean
either like i know
any guy or girl i'm with is gonna have
to deal with that let's stop now let's
go
let's just let's just end this video
this sucks dude
okay recently not many girls who know my
channel
message me anymore i don't know why
maybe it's because
they found out that i'm too much of a
weirdo even though i'm not
really that famous my channel's still
kind of small
i've had several experiences
maybe about four times it's happened
before where i match someone
i didn't tell them about the channel and
they found out anyway
either because um just just by
coincidence they found out
or because they showed my picture to one
of their friends and one of their
friends recognized me
and i'm surprisingly more famous
than you may realize i've been busy
trying to think about what i want to do
with my life
and i've come to the conclusion that i
still have
no idea so as you can imagine i don't
really feel that
amazing these days because i feel like
either option i take
i'm doomed to misery if i focus on my
channel make that priority
then i'm probably not gonna do very well
at the whole dating thing and i just
have to be single and accept
accept that fact or if i try and focus
on improving my chances dating then
i have to give up on making
the kind of videos i want to make yeah
i've come to the realization that
i don't feel confident in being able to
keep my channel a secret
and when they find my channel the
reaction most girls have
is they get a bit freaked out they've
got a lot of questions
most of the time they block me or
unmatch me or they don't want to meet me
anymore because they're
scared and i guess i can't be a weirdo
on the internet
and expect to have a normal relationship
with a normal girl
okay i need to i need to end this video
now what the hell
okay i'm fine i'm really fine
i'm not stable oh my god why am i even
posting this to the internet i don't
know
so yeah like so now back to the point uh
to
back to streaming yeah as you can see
i'm not really a big fan of q anymore
i have barely any like just just getting
up and thinking i have to stream
even though my livelihood depends on it
like give me anxiety that's how bad it
is i don't want to play
this game anymore i feel like it hasn't
hit me yet i don't want to make it
overly emotional
it's just you know it was a phase
maybe i should call my mom and tell her
mom you're right it was it was just a
phase
yeah it actually it actually hits me
pretty hard
but i i cannot look back it's unhealthy
and i think i've got
to finally start respecting myself
instead of just
being a beggar online for subs
yeah i feel like when people
kind of want to change things in their
lives
we tend to see it as a like black and
white issue oh i don't eat like i eat
too much fast food
and therefore i must go like full-on
like health
health nuts vegan raw vegan
paleo diet intermittent fasting i don't
believe in this you know i'm 33 years
old so i get some experience some life
experience i've tested things i've done
things
and the thing i realized is like it
never is worth it to just
do a full a full turn it never lasts it
it doesn't
work and i don't believe in this so i
won't be fully gone i'm gonna keep
putting videos about random stuff i'm
gonna
keep it being active in my discord like
me quitting poe and me quitting
streaming
it's more of a
this will not be the focal point of my
life that's what i meant i'm still gonna
play some theory sometimes just
i'm still playing maybe an hour a day
i'm not gonna
like you know like i said like throw my
phone like cut the internet and live in
patagonia that's not what it's about
it's more just bring balance it's all
about balance
i've always gamed ever since i was five
years old no
you don't have to keep playing this game
man you don't have to do it yourself
okay
you can uh you can break the cycle i
don't believe that i'm gonna have to
just run marathon every day and eat
broccoli rice and chicken breast
and and just go party every weekend uh
to be quitting i know that's what you
guys think
i know that's that's what's inspiring
the guy who decided to just drop it all
and just live a new life
that's not what it is i've been i've
been a gamer my entire life
i love sitting my ass i'm just putting
back some balance i'm
quitting modern warfare and pretty much
quitting gaming too in fact i got it
this morning i completely
deleted everything on my xbox
for people like me who like my brain
works off of problem solving
video games don't just stop for you when
you get off the game your brand
continues working on it it's like
i'm done like i really want to be done
with video games because
not that they're bad for everybody but
they're bad for me
so when i started this youtube channel
it was called technology interpreters
if you click on some of the links in the
channel they'll still say technology
interpreters because i didn't get into
youtube to play video games
and i started doing the video game and
this whole apoc persona came out
and basically like i built the video my
whole video was about doing minecraft
and building minecraft servers it blew
up
me and my daughter made a few videos on
it that blew up
and then all of a sudden i'm a youtuber
but that was not my intent my intent was
that first video and i'll see if i can
cut it in here and edit
when i'm sitting there explaining like
it's monotone video this guy sitting on
a [ __ ] in front of a green screen
talking about some i don't even know
what my whole video was about it was
funny but
that was what my true heart was all kind
of things that i've never gotten out
because i'm too busy playing video games
and i'm tired of that
but literally my game is deleted cod is
gone everything on my xbox is gone i'm
gonna delete my second xbox
and i'm pretty much gonna go put the
xbox on ebay and make some money selling
it hey i hope y'all have fun
but for me hey thanks cod thanks call of
duty thanks activision
you went too far with me and so i'm out
peace
you might not remember that at the start
of this video
it was said that this young man
had been playing the same video game for
eight years
adding up to a total of 20
000 hours now i have never once in my
life
had to ask myself how many hours there
are in a year
24 hours a day 365 days a year the
correct answer turns out to be
8760.
we will generously presume that you are
awake for
5943 of those hours
that you get eight hours of sleep
per day this leads us to the conclusion
that even if this were the only video
game he played during those eight years
and it most certainly was not
that would be 42 percent
of the hours that he was awake
being spent playing video games
for a period of eight years
twenty thousand is a very round number
and it's almost certain that he didn't
keep track of this with pen and paper
many games in the current generation
will give you an update when you log in
and log out as to how many hours you've
spent
online or how many hours you spent with
the app open how many hours you spent
playing the video game he's probably
familiar with this number
because he sees it on screen when he
logs in and logs out that's not the same
as having a total for all of the hours
you spent
playing all video games on all consoles
over a period of something like eight
years
memorably but inexplicably the first
half this video also featured
the flickering image of ali hardesty
the only woman on screen some of you
might be wondering
why i quoted her here given that she's
not talking about quitting video games
i believe she has never talked about
quitting video games which she quit
was something quite different she was
given a diagnosis
she was given a prescription she was
given an excuse
in her case the excuse was hyperactivity
the prescription was adderall and for
many years
she had been taking the legal
maximum limit
of adderall per day she was taking the
maximum
allowable dose of this prescription drug
when i was in college my adhd was really
bad but now that i'm truly just doing
things in my life that
i'm passionate about that i can hyper
focus on that are like interesting to me
and fun it's not like
forced or like i have to meet these
requirements to like get this degree or
something like it's like actually just
like comes to me naturally
i thrive you know that's kind of how
adhd is when you're being like
creatively stimulated and doing stuff
that you actually want to do
you're able to focus like really really
well you know so i kind of realized that
adderall is a powerful drug
but the excuses that we make for
ourselves
can be even more powerful this woman
during the crucial years in which she
finished high school
began university transferred to another
university and then dropped out
lived with the excuse that she could not
focus her mind
she could not do the type of work that
all the other students could do
because there was something biologically
wrong with her
and she believed that this drug
counteracted
counterbalanced or compensated for this
biologically
real problem that she had in the same
sense that somebody
with diabetes takes a drug to counteract
the effects of sugar because people with
diabetes really do lack something that
the rest of us have something that the
rest of us
biologically take for granted every day
every time we eat food
and the thing is it's all a lie now at
age 24
she finds when she suddenly stops taking
the drug not under doctor's orders not
under her doctor's supervision not
anyone's recommendation she doesn't
reflect on how it was she made the
decision
to as an experiment i suppose stop
taking the drug
she finds that at age 24
she has the mental focus she has the
self-discipline now she can sit and read
a book in fact it is easier for her to
read a book
when she is not under the effects of
adderall as opposed to the way she
struggled
when she was not surprising if you know
something with the stimulant effects
of adderall she's found that at age 24
she has more maturity
than she had at 17 18 or 19.
and there are countless millions of
people in the world who really didn't
have the maturity
didn't have the focus didn't have the
self-discipline
to undertake university level studies in
their younger years
but who could have developed that focus
that motivation that's of this one say
by age 24
like ali hardesty here i actually feel
amazing not being on it
i sleep better like when i tell you like
and it's really sad like i don't know if
i want to get into that super much in
this video but i used to make a lot of
adhd videos and just like content
surrounding that and a lot of you guys i
know follow me for that
and if you don't know my story i was
diagnosed when i was like really young
like seven or something and i was put on
pharmaceutical medication
and pretty much was taking adderall
since i don't even know when like years
like every single day like the highest
that you can get prescribed and
pretty much have like a dependency on it
because if i would stop taking it i
would go through like withdrawal but i
stopped taking it during the pandemic
like kind of more recently because i was
just like do i even really need to take
it and to be honest i do kind of feel
like i've outgrown a lot of my adhd
i actually feel like better not taking
it and we're left
with the terrible question of what if
this young woman
wasn't given these drugs what if she
wasn't given the excuse
at such an early age what if she had
taken responsibility for the development
of her own character what if she had the
attitude
that she couldn't read a book not
because she was biologically different
from her classmates
and that there was a cure that came in a
bottle of pills
what if she had the attitude that this
was her responsibility
something she had to overcome herself
and that even if she were
perhaps more immature than many of her
classmates
that even if she were more jittery more
scattered
than her classmates that this was really
just
a pattern of behavior that this was
something she could and would
eventually with the passage of years
and hard work that this was something
she would eventually overcome
we'll never know what ali hardesty
could have done or what type of person
she could be today
if she had to say in that period of
eight years
taken a path of sober
self-disciplined simple effort i don't
believe that i'm gonna have to
just run marathon every day and eat
broccoli rice and chicken breast
and and just go party every weekend uh
to be quitting i know that's what you
guys think
i know that's that's what's inspiring
the guy who decided to just drop it all
and just leave a new life
that's not what it is i've been i've
been a gamer my entire life
i love sitting my ass i'm just putting
back some balance and for
all these guys who played video games
some of whom give you the number of
hours
some of them you just go to their
channel and scroll down and
see how many videos there are hinting at
or adding up
to so many hours we have a similar sort
of question
of opportunity cost after these years
after these thousands of hours poured
into playing video games
you have to look back and wonder
at the person who was lost in there
you have to compare the person that you
are
today to the person you might have been
the opportunities you're left with today
to
what you would now have what you could
be doing if you'd pursued other
opportunities if you'd creatively come
up with
other opportunities during those long
years
when you were sitting on your ass
consumed
by a form of entertainment that is every
bit
as addictive as gambling but where you
roll the dice and the question is
ultimately
just how much of your time how much of
your mental energy
it is that you're going to lose
[Music]
so
you